let me tell you what man some of those
biceps they came out here no here's
here's what I don't know you see you
guys although semis we head down there
fishin this is a Windigo in this way
they should come up blocked for locked
it in the wind this would've ever
happened the first no shit the first
game went down you know the first day I
went down there was nothing over there
he's going he's not a spill gonna get
drop some gina i saw these three hats
all go with the fucking the huge pool
right up on that this car car had a full
audit yeah you caught
my other ones in there do I was like oh
it escaped disaster and then the second
10 game down oh I was in there as it
came down that's why in caution and
that's what happened you guys get this
Adrian he stopped everything I didn't
realize how big it was I saw the tango
Down and I took another bite of my food
and then what the fuck am i doing
through my food on the ground and ran
out to see my car and their poles on it
and then there might be people in the
tent up there I don't know if anything
happens but having the tape lift it up
it just put up like this pace for the
shit on this one slapping it he blew me
right now this far total is like a baby
well whatever your car they'll have to
see anything god your cum you jiggle
with me Bruce's the Bruce Lee is giving
if they don't destroy everything destroy
your Carlin okay have okay this is crazy
but my uncle was told to move his car
this much this morning backwards I'm
telling you right now I just olive oil
if you were to moved it that pole we
went right on top of the fucking I swear
to God I just saw right now any car can
compromise i was i was in this tent when
it started going down anyway clunk clunk
clunk you know and it only went a little
ways i was in there and I saw I going
and I started running this is shooting
and I ducked underneath the chevelle and
rolled underneath it and I'm all soaking
because i was laying underneath it and
then the tent stop falling down and then
i ran i just want real this thing for us
the best thing for this dude to let
loose and go with the cool yeah stop
flopping around like there's a damn
sunshine
do you guys understand the warning food
yeah that's what happened before can you
walk I needs a poll of polls the polls
were rolling on the freeway I heard them
rolling on the freeway lighten up none
yes it's closed you see the fucking
copper today it's all closed because
they're worried about distance flying in
there taking a car on and then you
fabulous somebody those Falls our
weapons ban those are what fuck yeah
sorry yeah yeah they're good news is
what happening just what happened
getting that running staff